Code of Conduct.md, before:

﻿# Code of Conduct - Group 14
**Daniel Norberg, Erik Gabrielsson, Johannes Borg, Lilly Heier**

---

## How do we plan to collaborate?
We will create and establish a collaborative environment where everyone's contributions are valued. Our collaboration will be based on clear and open communication, mutual respect, and shared goals. We will have consistent communication throughout the project to ensure we align with our goals and deadlines. We will actively participate in team discussions so we can give each other constructive feedback. We will keep each other accountable for our tasks and deadlines, and will embrace and establish an open and inclusive communication channel. We will be open to new ideas and approaches while also respecting diverse viewpoints.

---

## How do we ensure that everyone in our group stays informed about the individual contributions?
To ensure everyone in the group stays informed about individual contributions, we will use version control systems (e.g., Git) to track changes in the code base. We will hold weekly check-in meetings where everyone shares their progress and upcoming tasks. We will encourage transparent communication to ensure we can overcome challenges and roadblocks in a constructive way.

---

## How do we ensure knowledge transfer among our team members?
To facilitate knowledge transfer and ensure that critical information is shared, we will conduct regular knowledge-sharing sessions (e.g., when we meet either in person or in Discord channel meetings) to exchange ideas, strategies, and solutions. We will also maintain clear documentation such as a README file, tutorials, and notes. We also have supervision sessions with the TAs to enhance our exposure.

---

## What is our usual communication plan?
We will primarily communicate through Discord for questions, updates, and informal communication. We will use emails for sending large files and Google Docs for collaborative notes and document sharing.

---

## How will we solve conflicts?
We encourage open communication and practice empathy regarding group work. If challenges were to arise, we would communicate our differences in a neutral manner, attempting to see both sides from a neutral standpoint. We believe in practicing mutual respect between our members, so challenges would be handled through communication between members where opinions would be lifted in a respectful manner, in a neutral tone, with no interruptions, and active listening. 

---

## How do you plan to ensure responsible use of LLMs in your project, and how do you transparently and traceably document the use of LLMs? 
We ensure responsible use of LLMs by restricting them to low-risk, well-defined tasks such as documentation support and data summarization, always with human oversight. To maintain transparency and traceability, we document the model version, purpose. Prompts and outputs are logged and showcased as a source. All interactions with the LLM are clearly indicated.


Prompt for Improving Code of Conduct:
![Alt text](Images/PromptForCodeOfConduct.png)
---

_By following this Code of Conduct, we aim to create a collaborative, productive, and respectful work environment!_

Commit message:

Revised code of conduct after feedback changed How will we solve conflicts using prompt from LLM, making improvements on that section

Code of Conduct.md, after:

﻿# Code of Conduct - Group 14
**Daniel Norberg, Erik Gabrielsson, Johannes Borg, Lilly Heier**

---

## How do we plan to collaborate?
We will create and establish a collaborative environment where everyone's contributions are valued. Our collaboration will be based on clear and open communication, mutual respect, and shared goals. We will have consistent communication throughout the project to ensure we align with our goals and deadlines. We will actively participate in team discussions so we can give each other constructive feedback. We will keep each other accountable for our tasks and deadlines, and will embrace and establish an open and inclusive communication channel. We will be open to new ideas and approaches while also respecting diverse viewpoints.

---

## How do we ensure that everyone in our group stays informed about the individual contributions?
To ensure everyone in the group stays informed about individual contributions, we will use version control systems (e.g., Git) to track changes in the code base. We will hold weekly check-in meetings where everyone shares their progress and upcoming tasks. We will encourage transparent communication to ensure we can overcome challenges and roadblocks in a constructive way.

---

## How do we ensure knowledge transfer among our team members?
To facilitate knowledge transfer and ensure that critical information is shared, we will conduct regular knowledge-sharing sessions (e.g., when we meet either in person or in Discord channel meetings) to exchange ideas, strategies, and solutions. We will also maintain clear documentation such as a README file, tutorials, and notes. We also have supervision sessions with the TAs to enhance our exposure.

---

## What is our usual communication plan?
We will primarily communicate through Discord for questions, updates, and informal communication. We will use emails for sending large files and Google Docs for collaborative notes and document sharing. We plan to meet atleast twice a week in person and twice a week remotely. We do this to facilitate better knowledge-sharing between each other to make development as efficient and smooth as possible.

---

## How will we avoid conflicts?
To minimize conflicts, we will prioritize open knowledge-sharing, clear communication, and regular brainstorming sessions. We’ll also utilize clear guidelines and, where appropriate, hold in-person meetings to ensure everyone is aligned on our project goals and working under the same shared understanding.

---

## How will we solve conflicts?
We encourage open communication and practice empathy regarding group work. If challenges were to arise, we would communicate our differences in a neutral manner, attempting to see both sides from a neutral standpoint. We believe in practicing mutual respect between our members, so challenges would be handled through communication between members where opinions would be lifted in a respectful manner, in a neutral tone, with no interruptions, and active listening. 

---

## How do you plan to ensure responsible use of LLMs in your project, and how do you transparently and traceably document the use of LLMs? 
We ensure responsible use of LLMs by restricting them to low-risk, well-defined tasks such as documentation support and data summarization, always with human oversight. To maintain transparency and traceability, we document the model version, purpose. Prompts and outputs are logged and showcased as a source. All interactions with the LLM are clearly indicated.


Prompt for Improving Code of Conduct:
![Alt text](Images/PromptForCodeOfConduct.png)
---

_By following this Code of Conduct, we aim to create a collaborative, productive, and respectful work environment!_
